ZIA TOUR PLUGIN
-----------------------------

USAGE
-----

Place this script tag anywhere on a page. If this is running in a Drupal or WordPress environment it
may be necessary to instantiate the script using drupal_add_js or wp_enqueue_script respectively in order
for it to use the existing jQuery instance.

<script src="lib/js/zia-tour.min.js"></script>


MOBILE AND DESKTOP VERSIONS
---------------------------

The tour defers to a video presentation on mobile devices.
The video URL can be edited directly in tour-content.htm


MARKETO EMAIL CAPTURE
---------------------

Edit the Marketo cut-and-paste for code directly in tour-content.htm.
It appears in two places, look for "email-capture" in mobile and desktop nodes.

See jquery.ziatour.js > initEmailCapture() for Marketo specific script handlers within the plugin.


CONFIGURATION
-------------

The tour loads the following files plus an image archive of screen-shots:

	1) zia-tour/lib/js/ziatour.min.js

		The only public function ziaTour() loads the tour and its files.
		It takes two optional parameters:
    	cache (boolean, optional) - false to force reloading of all files when editing scripts and CSS
    	debug (boolean, optional) - true to enable navbar and outline transparent click targets when editing

		Example:
    	DEV: ziaTour({ cache:false, debug:true });
    	PRODUCTION: ziaTour({ cache:true, debug:false });

	2) zia-tour/lib/js/jquery.ziatour.min.js
		 The jQuery tour plugin itself, loaded by ziatour.min.js

	3) https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.5.1.min.js
		 A jQuery CDN fallback loaded by ziatour.min.js in the event that jQuery is not already
		 loaded on the page the tour is running on.

	4) zia-tour/lib/css/zia-tour.min.css (source: zia-tour.css)
		 Tour interface CSS, loaded by ziatour.min.js

	5) zia-tour/htm/tour-content.htm
		 Editable HTML content for the individual tour steps (nodes)

	6) zia-tour/img/screens/
		 A directory containing screen-shot images of various tour steps and states
		 (i.e. background, hover, and focus)


EDITING TOUR CONTENT
--------------------

Tour content can be edited freely in tour-content.htm. This is a simple HTML file
structured in two main blocks, #desktop and #mobile. Within these blocks are the
individual tour nodes. Each node has basic elements like screen (screen-shot),
overlay, dialog box, marker, tooltip, cta button, back button, etc.

Do not change any of the element IDs. They are used in CSS declarations and also
for plugin handles.


OVERVIEW OF NODE CSS CLASSES
----------------------------

Node classes:
	overlay: usually used with a dialog box to mask off the rest of the page
	easein: node fade in transition
	dark-color-scheme: adjusts elements like btn-exit, dialog, and marker for dark backgrounds 
	hide-exit-btn: a script handle that tells the script to hide the main tour exit button on this node 
	hide-logo: a script handle that tells the script to hide the logo on this node

screen
  bg: the main screen-shot background, always required
  hover: optional hover-state image triggered when the user hovers over the click target
  focus: optional active-state image triggered when the user mouses down on the click target

dialog: basic dialog box in white
dialog blue: basic dialog box in blue
dialog graphic-header: basic dialog box with full-bleed margin on image header

marker: plain marker box with orange pointer
marker small: smaller fixed-height marker box with orange pointer

Orange border for dialog boxes:
	border-top
	border-bottom
	border-left
	border-right

Orange pointer for dialog boxes and markers:
	pointer-left-top
	pointer-top-left
	pointer-top-right
	pointer-bot-left
	pointer-right-top
	pointer-right-bot

content: required only on nodes that use graphic-header, to maintain content margins on full-bleed container.

cta: call-to-action button style and script handle
	btn-text
	arrow

tooltip: style and script handle for tooltip open button and tooltip content

btn-back: back button style and script handle

bg-img: used to position fixed background images in upper right corner of dialog boxes (i.e. 3min tour graphic)

icon: an inline image style for icons when needed to flow with text.

target: transparent click target for tour "next" node action.
	These are the most liekly thing to need editing when screen-shots are updated.
	Target CSS positioning can be edited in the DESKTOP NODES and MOBILE NODES section of zia-tour.css

video: style and script handle for YouTube iframe player

Utility classes:
	nobr: used on <span> to encasulate non-breaking text, esp. hyphenated text

Global elements:
	logo: main logo position and size
	btn-exit: main tour exit button (#mobile requires a specific treatment and positioning for this)

Data parameters:
	data-goto: when present targets btn-back click action to a specific node ID instead of just
		the previous one. Example data-goto="report-8"

	data-delay-next: when present fowards the tour to the next nore in n seconds.
		Example data-delay-next="1.5"

	data-youtube-url: tells the tour which YouTube clip to load.
		Example data-youtube-url="http://www.youtube.com/embed/ydrc489USbM"



UPDATING SCREEN SHOTS
---------------------

Anytime sceen-shots are updated some adjusting of the click targets may be needed.
To make things easier put the interface into DEV mode. Refer to the Configuration section
for details. This will make the click targets visible so you can adjust their CSS position
whenever needed to match the new screen-shot.

Edit the 


